How to Play

"Transformers: The Mystery of Convoy" is a battle action adventure game which Ultra Magnus, under orders from Convoy, battles and defeats powerful Decepticon enemies one after another.
There are 10 stages in total. At the end of each stage, a giant Decepticon enemy attacks Ultra Magnus.
Ultra Magnus can be transformed by pressing the up or down button, becomming either a trailer or Ultra Magnus dependiong on the situation and clearing each stage.
By taking Energon cubes you can powerup/1up/invincibility etc. more than 6 types in total
The Energon cube is hidden somewhere and there is a mystery hidden inside of it [its a black baby]


Enemies include not only the familiar Decepticons from Transformers, but also mechanical lifeforms that inhabit each stage, making the battles even more intense. (he mechanical life form is an original character for the Family Computer Cassette)
Ultra Magnus will lose one life if he touches an enemy or is attacked 
Scroll method and stage introduction
Transformers Mystery of Convoy has two types of scroll surfaces
Horizontal scrolling screen (1,2,4,5,7,9) If you move Ultra Magnus/the trailer to the right with the controller, the screen will also scroll to the right
Vertical scroll surface (3,6,8,10) If Ultra Magnus moves down or up with the jump button, the screen will also scroll vertically
Stages 3 and 10 are uphill time tunnels
Stages 6 and 8 are downhill time tunnels

Name of each stage

1 Wilderness Area
2 Ruins Temple
3 Time Tunnel I
4 Subspace City
5 Floating City
6 Time Tunnel II
7 Glacier Area
8 Time Tunnel III
9 Underground Machine City
10 Time Tunnel IV

Page 1===
Thank you for purchasing Takara's Family Computer game cassette "Transformer Convoy"
Have even more fun playing Transformers Mystery of Convoy.
Please read this instruction manual carefully before using the product and please keep this instruciton manual in a safe place.
- Atsuka

Page 2===
Precautions for Use
Avoid subjecting the game cartridge to extreme temperature conditions and strong shocks. Also, please never disassemble it.
Also, never allow any foreign object to come into contact with the connector on the front of the main unit while playing a game.
Do not touch the terminals directly or let them get dirty, such as by getting thm wet. 
Please do not use volitile oils such as thinner, benzine or alcohol to clean the plastic parts, as they may deteriorate
Please play the game as far away from the TV screen
When playing a game for a long time, please take a short break of 10 to 20 minutes every 2 hours for your eyes.


Page 3===
Game Prologue
In order to love the Earth and protect peace, the Cybertrons challenged the Decepticons to a fight. 
However, in the battle, the Cybertrons' supreme commander, Optimus Prime, was injured and collapsed.
The dying Supreme Commander of Cybertron, Optimus Prime, appointed City Commander Ultra Magnus as the commander of Scramble City and handed over the Matrix that had been stored in Optimus Primes body.
At the behest of Supreme Commander Optimus Prime, Ultra Magnus bravely challenges the Decepticons to...


Page 4=== 
...and operation explanation of each part of the controller
* diagram of controller
Page 5===
Ultra Magnus :  A = jump
                B = fire laser
Trailer mode :  A = fires a powered laser forward
                B = fire laser
Press Select to change 1 Player or 2 Player mode
Press the Start button to pause during a game. Pressing it again will continue the game

Page 10===
Airman Skywarp
Skywarp has heat-guided missiles and various machine guns. He has a despicable personality and follows Megatron, absolutely.

Air Staff Officer Starscream
His speed is the fastest among his fellow jet fighters. He has a cunning personality and aims to replace Megatron as the boss.

Page 11===
Cybertron Intelligence Officer Bumble
He transforms into a Volkswagon. His personality is entusiastic and courageous.

Air Destruction Soldier Condor
He flies through the air at great speed and is equipped with two laser guns. He's fast.

Page 12===
Combined Soldier Menasor
Combined, he is extremly strong, with a punching force of 140 tons.
He has a ferocious personality, can break anything with his punching power and deflects most bullets.

Combined Soldier Bruticus
Can even destroy a railway bridge with one hand.
His personality is faithful to his duties and completes the task assigned to him without fail.

Page 13===
Great Emperor of Destruction Megatron
His anti matter cannon generates a terrifying destructive force.
He is king of the Decepticons and is a ferocious leader.

Dino Base Dynosaurer
Cemetary. Jump 32k with the rocket on his back in dinosaur form.
He plays the roll of a communications center in urban conditions.
He has the most destructive power among the Decepticons and has many weapons such as heat-tracing plasma.

Page 14===
What is the mystery of Optimus Prime?
command from Optimus Prime to Ultra Magnus was as follows
Find the Destron Zone and Combat Zone that are hidden somewhere on the stage!
Dont forget to take the energon cube!
There are many hidden characters and bonus points.
Please feel free to explore.
I wish you good luck.


Where the item (Energon Cube) is hidden and whether there are any secret tricks are completely secret. Please find out for yourself as you play the game. Please note that Takara will not be able to answer any questions regarding this matter over the phone.

Stage Map [It took me a while to figure this one out, does it represent the path for level 9? not really, no. Its a map of the stages with respect to warping through time]
Stage 1 and 2 are present time, stage 3 is warping to the furture, stage 4 and 5 are future levels, stage 6 warps back to present time, stage 7 is present/past time, Stage 8 goes back further in time, Stage 9 is far in the past and stage 10 is a warp back to the future, through a "time tunnel"
